This is a file explaining the projects progression. This file only mentions highlights throughout the progression to show group 
coordination and development.

September 23: 
The first group meeting is held via Zoom.
Our goals are set as well as ideas on how to begin.
The team discusses who would work best in each role. They are delegated as follows:
Project Manager- Kaitlynn Nieves
Business Analyst- Charles Marinelli 
User Experience Expert- Jacob Martin
Lead Developer- Arkit Pawar
Quality Assurance Manager- Margaret Moore
-The Project Manager sends 7 questions to the professor following the team meeting.
These questions regard server hosting, desired program for wire framing, csv files and if more details will be provided.

September 25:
All questions are answered via email and shared with the team for clarity.
-The next team meeting is scheduled.

September 29: 
Our Business Analyst submits the use case outline for review. (It is very efficient and does not need edits)
Our User Experience Expert completes Axure (Wire Framing) tutorials.

September 30:
A team meeting is held.
The team goes over business and functional requirements and begin drafting the file and cases.
-The Project Manager and Lead Developer hold an additional meeting and edit/add to the business requirements/functional requirements.

October 7:
A team meeting is held.
The team goes over the use case diagram developed by our Business Analyst.
Our Lead developer completes PHP tutorials.

October 13:
Our User Experience Expert completes site wire frames.

October 14:
A team meeting is held.
The team discusses front end development, theme, apperance and product logo.
The team agrees on the desired logo and theme and our Lead Developer creates the site logo.

October 26:
Our Lead Developer completes tutorials on PHP&MySQL.
Our Lead Developer develops a system based on the Wire Frames created by our User Experience Expert.

October 28:
A team meeting is held.
Our Business Analyst begins developing a Power Point for a group presentation directed to our professor.
The rest of the team begins adding their work and segments to the Power Point.

November 2:
Our Project Manager reaches out to the professor regarding group questions and clarification.
-Feedback is received November 3rd and relayed to the group.

November 8: 
A team meeting is held.
The group discusses further development to transition Wire Frames to integrate with the development.
Our Quality Assurance Analyst begins producing test cases based of our prior use cases.

November 10: 
Our Lead Developer establishes the site URL.
-healthcredit.tk

November 13:
Our Quality Assurance Manager completes all Test Cases.
Our Lead Developer creates a CSV to sample the functionality of the site and its ability to search and upload files.
Our Lead Developer begins establishing proper filtering function and coherent front/back end development.

November 18: 
A team meeting is held.
The team reviews all work up until this point. Our Business Analyst and our User Experience Expert have finished
all contributions to the project.
The team established final stretch goals including:
bug testing, bug reports, user login, provider login, walk though video.

November 22:
Our Lead Developer and Quality Assurance Manager hold a meeting.
They work together to go over client acceptance testing and file bug reports.

December 3:
The group discusses a final presentaion date.
We conclude and project all features to be completed during the week of December 14th.
The presentation will be held December 18th and 6pm EST.

December 12:
Our Project Manager and Lead Developer hold a meeting.
We go over the site, test functionalities and decide on how to approach the video.
We further test filtering capabilities, csv uploading and the difference between provider and customer sign in.
Several tests are ran in accordance with the project requirements.

December 15:
Our Lead Developer finalizes bug fixing and minor patches throughout the site.



